Document the annotation added to manifests passed to the post-renderer (#1734)
helm/helm-www: content/en/docs/topics/advanced.md

together in whatever binary tool you have built. In bash, this would be as
simple as `renderer1 | renderer2 | renderer3`.

You can see an example of using `kustomize` as a post-renderer
[here](https://github.com/thomastaylor312/advanced-helm-demos/tree/master/post-render).

#### Filenames

> Each manifest passed to the post-renderer includes a temporary annotation:

Reviewer: It kind of sounds like each manifest is past to the post-render and if they have the annotation, the file name is not changed.

Author: I struggled with the wording a little bit. Do you have a suggestion that would make it clearer?

In most cases, the post-renderer can safely ignore the annotation. It will then be passed back to Helm, which uses it to restore its internal state. However, the post-renderer may modify the annotation if needed. It can also add manifests and use the annotation to indicate which file they originated from, if that information is useful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each manifest passed to the post-renderer may include a temporary annotation:
```
